#Week 1 (17 SEP - 23 SEP) First Meeting (17 Sep 2017) We discussed out current capacities and an informal division of research work. We decided to split working on game engines mentioned by the Professor and present our findings in the next meeting. Everyone picked their Agile/XP value to favor during the course of the project and were requested to create a wiki page accordingly. We also decided to brush up our git skills and put down our first commits.

What did the team do the past week? We explored various gaming engines that could be potentially used to build the project. Divide and conquer was used to research the engines with each member making a working Proof of concept for their respective engine. The Pocs have been committed to GitHub. The Game story have been set and a Shin obi will be our protagonist. Some members were new to Version Control management by Git and GitHub but are now able to utilize git to a sufficient extent. The Kanban chart has been set and Google sheets for monitoring of various metrics is in place. Slack was

What is the team going to do next week? We are going to elaborate on the game story like, i.e. the life of the Shinobi. We are to deceide what powers are to be given to the ninja. We are yet to decide on an antagonist. On the technical side, we will be making proof of concepts for MellonJS platform and will be looking for art that can be used in the Game.

What are the current blockers/challenges the team is facing? Inexperience in Javascript, version control management and Game development has made the learning curve pretty steep. Some members are workings in an Agile product development process for the first time. This has resulted in a slow first week. However, the project is expected to pick up speed as the team gets acclimated to the Agile process environment.